{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
Published on 12/23/2012 by Ben Mozenter, Leonard Ng'eno, and Victoria Reynolds. \
\
About:\
Seeds is an application designed for Micro-lending and gameplay. It is written primarily in Objective-C. It is licensed under GNU General Public License. The application has been created over the course of 2 semester at Duke University for the Seeds company under Rachel Cook. It's most recent from was worked on by Benjamin Mozenter, Leonard Ng'eno, and Victoria Reynolds. \
\
Game Features:\
The game is designed as a social, building game in which players are encouraged to raise a family of seedlings and build a citadel. The current version includes a donation system using PayPal and a purchase system through Apple in order to raise funds for micro-loans. It supports one player mode in which a user has a seedling and a citadel and the ability to purchase and use furniture items. \
\
Software:\
This application is designed to run on an iPhone or iPad. It is compatible with iOS up to version 6.0. It relies on the PayPal library as well as Apple's In-App Purchase system to make transactions. The app also uses the JSON Library. The Cocos2d Library is included in the application, but is not currently integrated into the application. }